docs(exporter): migration to single Elastic instance (#5532)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/operational-guides/update-guide/870-to-880.md

- Set `CAMUNDA_TASKLIST_ELASTICSEARCH_INDEX_PREFIX` to `some-new-prefix`.
- Set `ZEEBE_BROKER_EXPORTERS_CAMUNDA_ARGS_INDEX_PREFIX` (the prefix for the new [Camunda exporter](/self-managed/zeebe-deployment/exporters/camunda-exporter.md)) to `some-new-prefix`.

### Single Elasticsearch/OpenSearch instance

> Using more than one isolated Elasticsearch/OpenSearch instances for exported Zeebe and Operate/Tasklist data is no longer supported. If your environment uses multiple Elasticsearch/OpenSearch instances, you must manually migrate the data from each to a single Elasticsearch/OpenSearch cluster before updating to Camunda 8.8. The migration should target Zeebe, Operate and Tasklist indices, index templates, aliases, and ILM policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using more than one isolated Elasticsearch/OpenSearch instance for exported Zeebe, Operate, and Tasklist data is no longer supported. If your environment uses multiple Elasticsearch/OpenSearch instances, you must manually migrate the data from each to a single Elasticsearch/OpenSearch cluster before updating to Camunda 8.8. The migration should target Zeebe, Operate, and Tasklist indices, index templates, aliases, and ILM policies.
```

- Set `CAMUNDA_TASKLIST_ELASTICSEARCH_INDEX_PREFIX` to `some-new-prefix`.
- Set `ZEEBE_BROKER_EXPORTERS_CAMUNDA_ARGS_INDEX_PREFIX` (the prefix for the new [Camunda exporter](/self-managed/zeebe-deployment/exporters/camunda-exporter.md)) to `some-new-prefix`.

### Single Elasticsearch/OpenSearch instance

> The setup with more than one isolated Elasticsearch/OpenSearch instances for exported Zeebe data and Operate/Tasklist
> data ia not supported anymore. Manual move of data to a single Elasticsearch/OpenSearch cluster must be performed, which
> includes Zeebe, Operate and Tasklist indices, index templates, aliases and ILM policies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using more than one isolated Elasticsearch/OpenSearch instances for exported Zeebe and Operate/Tasklist data is no longer supported. If your environment uses multiple Elasticsearch/OpenSearch instances, you must manually migrate the data from each to a single Elasticsearch/OpenSearch cluster before updating to Camunda 8.8. The migration should target Zeebe, Operate and Tasklist indices, index templates, aliases, and ILM policies.
```
Just a slight rephrasing
